Add documentation explaining the difference between CRDs and API aggr… (#43136)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/_index.md

title: Extending the Kubernetes API
weight: 30
---

Custom resources are extensions of the Kubernetes API. Kubernetes provides two ways to add custom resources to your cluster:

> - The [CustomResourceDefinition](/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/)
> API resource allows you to define a CRD object creates a new custom resource with a name and schema that you specify.
> The Kubernetes API serves and handles the storage of your custom resource. CRDs allow users to create new types of resources without adding another API server. 

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
- The [CustomResourceDefinition](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
  (CRD) mechanism allows you to declaratively define a new custom API with an API group, kind, and
  schema that you specify.
  The Kubernetes control plane serves and handles the storage of your custom resource. CRDs allow you to
  create new types of resources for your cluster without writing and running a custom API server. 
```

> - The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/) sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy. This arrangement is called API Aggregation(AA). To users, the Kubernetes API appears extended.

Reviewer: If you want to, mention that you add a custom APIService to your cluster to define a extension API using
aggregation.

Author: Sure.
It would make customer easier to understand these 2 features.

title: Extending the Kubernetes API
weight: 30
---

Custom resources are extensions of the Kubernetes API. Kubernetes provides two ways to add custom resources to your cluster:

- The [CustomResourceDefinition](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
  (CRD) mechanism allows you to declaratively define a new custom API with an API group, kind, and
  schema that you specify.
  The Kubernetes control plane serves and handles the storage of your custom resource. CRDs allow you to
  create new types of resources for your cluster without writing and running a custom API server. 

> - The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/) sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy. This arrangement is called API Aggregation(AA), which allows you to provide specialized implementations for your custom resources by writing and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/) sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy.
  This arrangement is called API Aggregation(AA), which allows you to provide
  specialized implementations for your custom resources by writing and
```

Reviewer 2: Please wrap-up the long lines.

Author: sure.

title: Extending the Kubernetes API
weight: 30
---

Custom resources are extensions of the Kubernetes API. Kubernetes provides two ways to add custom resources to your cluster:

- The [CustomResourceDefinition](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
  (CRD) mechanism allows you to declaratively define a new custom API with an API group, kind, and
  schema that you specify.
  The Kubernetes control plane serves and handles the storage of your custom resource. CRDs allow you to
  create new types of resources for your cluster without writing and running a custom API server. 

> - The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/) sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/)
  sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy.
```

  This arrangement is called API Aggregation(AA), which allows you to provide
  specialized implementations for your custom resources by writing and

> deploying your own API server.
> The main API server delegates requests to your API server for the custom resources that you handle,
> making them available to all of its clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  deploying your own API server.
  The main API server delegates requests to your API server for the custom APIs that you specify,
  making them available to all of its clients.
```

Author: sure.

title: Extending the Kubernetes API
weight: 30
---

Custom resources are extensions of the Kubernetes API. Kubernetes provides two ways to add custom resources to your cluster:

- The [CustomResourceDefinition](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
  (CRD) mechanism allows you to declaratively define a new custom API with an API group, kind, and
  schema that you specify.
  The Kubernetes control plane serves and handles the storage of your custom resource. CRDs allow you to
  create new types of resources for your cluster without writing and running a custom API server. 
- The [aggregation layer](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/apiserver-aggregation/)
  sits behind the primary API server, which acts as a proxy.

>   This arrangement is called API Aggregation(AA), which allows you to provide

Reviewer 3: Nit if you do an update - please add a space between "Aggregation" and the opening "(".
